Have you ever heard someone speak and felt inspired to change your life? Perhaps you decided, because of what you heard, to live a little differently﻿—or even a lot differently. King Benjamin’s sermon was that kind of sermon, and the truths he taught had that kind of effect on the people who heard them. King Benjamin shared with his people what an angel had taught him﻿—that wonderful blessings were possible through “the atoning blood of Christ” (Mosiah 4:2). Because of His message, they changed their view of themselves (see Mosiah 4:2), the Spirit changed their desires (see Mosiah 5:2), and they covenanted with God that they would always do His will (see Mosiah 5:5). This is how King Benjamin’s words affected his people. How will they affect you?Have you ever heard someone speak and felt inspired to change your life? Perhaps you decided, because of what you heard, to live a little differently﻿—or even a lot differently. King Benjamin’s sermon was that kind of sermon, and the truths he taught had that kind of effect on the people who heard them. King Benjamin shared with his people what an angel had taught him﻿—that wonderful blessings were possible through “the atoning blood of Christ” (Mosiah 4:2). Because of His message, they changed their view of themselves (see Mosiah 4:2), the Spirit changed their desires (see Mosiah 5:2), and they covenanted with God that they would always do His will (see Mosiah 5:5). This is how King Benjamin’s words affected his people. How will they affect you?
